foreign
[Music]
hey little kitty so how's the new AI
system working
well that's an answer we all must know
to keep up with the changing time so in
today's episode let me answer this
technological revolutionary question
what is artificial intelligence zoom in
so you ever heard of Alexa or Siri or
seen a self-driving car or have you ever
wondered how your phone's face
recognition works well believe it or not
all of these technologies have something
in common and that is they use
artificial intelligence or AI to perform
a task and what is that
well before I answer that let's see what
the word intelligence stands for
intelligence is the ability to gain and
apply Knowledge and Skills for example
when we learn the alphabet A to Z in
kindergarten we acquired this
information and can use it to create
words sentences or even solve many
problems
similarly when a robot or computer uses
the information programmed into it to
solve problems it is also using a form
of intelligence however this type of
intelligence is different from Human
intelligence it is called artificial
intelligence or ai
ai systems are designed to be able to
learn from their experiences adapt to
new situations and make decisions based
on the available information but the
crucial question is is it really helpful
to us
AI can be used in many ways from helping
humans perform tasks more efficiently to
allowing machines to perform tasks that
would be difficult or impossible for
humans to do for example AI can be used
in robots to help them do tasks in
factories
or hospitals
or in self-driving cars to help them
navigate roads and avoid accidents
one of the best things about AI is that
it can process and analyze lots of data
very quickly and accurately
this makes it a useful tool in many
different Industries like healthcare
finance and Retail where lots of data
needs to be analyzed to make good and
quick decisions so in a way it is a very
powerful tool that is Transforming Our
Lives
but as they say with great power comes
great responsibility
so it's vital to use AI systems
responsibly and not become too dependent
on them as it can make us more reliant
on technology and less self-sufficient
this could potentially lead to decrease
in motivation and a decrease in physical
and mental activity which would directly
affect our health
on top of that the biggest concern with
the AI system is that it has the
potential to disrupt existing Industries
and potentially replace human workers
leading to mass unemployment therefore
it is vital to ensure that its
development and uses are Guided by
ethical principles to maximize its
benefits and minimize its potential
negative impacts
crave your time did you know one of the
earliest milestones in the development
of AI was the creation of the first
computer program designed to play chess
which was developed in the 1950s yes and
in 1997 a computer program called Deep
Blue made headlines when it defeated the
world champion chess player Gary
Kasparov in a six-game match
hope you acquired new information today
until next time it's me Dr binox zooming
it
[Music]
never mind